Action functions do not generate a new RDD like transformations.
Unlike transformation, when an action function is applied,
RDDs give non RDD values and return the value to the driver.
The values of actions are stored to the driver or to the external storage system.
It brings laziness of RDD into motion.
An action is one of the ways of sending data from executor to the driver.
Remember from our previous discussion of spark architecture,
executors are responsible for executing a task,
while the driver is a JVM process by coordinates,
workers and execution of the task.
So it is important that your final result of action
fits to the JVM or else you'll have the out-of-memory errors.
Here are some action functions.
Count returns the number of elements in the RDD.
Collect is the most common and simplest operation
that returns our entire RDDs content to the driver program.
Take returns any number of elements from an RDD.
It tries to cut the number of partitions in excesses.
We cannot presume the order of elements,
meaning when you execute a take and it will return different results every time.
The foreach function is useful when we have
a situation where we want to apply an operation on each element of RDD,
but not return a value to the driver.
The write function saves your RDD in a desired format, Parquet,
JSON, text to wherever you want to store your DataFrame to.